A fully digital enterprise is an organisation that includes the use of technology to bring innovation and efficiency to their business models and also involves professionals from every department for example from supporting players to leading business players. (Ben, 2015)

As more and more enterprises are shifting to digitalization, this is an increasing risk of cyber-attacks than ever before. These risks can be manifested in any form like ransomware attacks, IoT attacks, cloud attacks, phishing attacks, software vulnerabilities, Machine learning and AI attacks, BYOD policies and outdated hardware. (UNext, 2022)

After the pandemic, myriad number of SME are turning their heads to fully digitize their enterprise but this change comes with potential challenges and areas to work upon. The first concern is to have a dedicated IT teams with appropriate skills set particularly in cybersecurity. The second challenge is the change in the infrastructure and to accommodate the customer’s need in this change. The third concern is to map the defined strategies which is further linked to the budgeting and constraints associated with this change. (Panorama, 2021)

In regards to the recent energy crisis, the report from IEA (international energy agency) shows profound benefits of digitalizing the power sector. (IEA, 2019) With digital innovations in the power industry, the energy production and delivery will increase potentially with increasing the revenues of the companies and creating opportunities in the new areas. Furthermore, it will improve workforce efficiencies by bringing automation, increasing the profits. While digital transformation in the power industry brings tremendous benefits, the existing infrastructure doesn’t support in the smooth transition and requires financial expenditure from the companies which would in turn increase the cost of energy provided to the consumers and forcing many people to avoid the adopting the new technologies. (IEA, 2019)

 

References:

Ben, R. (2015) What Is A True Digital Enterprise? Available from: What is a true digital enterprise? - Information Age (information-age.com) [Accessed 28 January 2023].

UNext (2022) Top 10 Challenges of Cybersecurity Faced In 2022. Available from: Top 10 Challenges of Cyber Security Faced in 2022 (jigsawacademy.com) [Accessed 28 January 2023].

Panorama (2021) Common Digital Transformation Challenges & How to Overcome Them. Available from: 7 Digital Transformation Challenges & How To Overcome Them (panorama-consulting.com) [Accessed 28 January 2023].

IEA (2019) Energy Efficiency And Digitalization. Available from: Energy efficiency and digitalisation – Analysis - IEA [Accessed 28 January 2023].

Wei et al. (2019) Digital Transformation: Utility Of The Future. Available from: https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/insights/industry/power-and-utilities/digital-transformation-utility-of-the-future.html [Accessed 28 January 2023].
